docs: Avg active idps (#7207)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/legal/service-description/billing.md

### Active external identity providers

> To calculate the monthly amount we summerize the activated external identity providers over all instances on each day and take the rounded up average over a given month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To calculate the monthly amount we take the sum of activated external identity providers over all instances on each day and calculate the average over a given month, rounded up to the next integer.
```
